Ender Activator: Has an inventory for items, will use them when right clicking
Ender Armor: Teleports anyone who does melee damage, to 5 * number of armor pieces blocks away randomly;
* Ender Arrows: Will teleport the entity they hit to the location bound to the Ender Bow that shot them.
Ender Bag: Can be linked to any(?) inventories
* Ender Bow: Shoots the Ender Arrows. Can be bound to a location by sneak + right clicking on a block.
(*) Ender Bucket: Can hold a maximum of 16 buckets
Ender Educator: Can instantly grow a baby mob into an adult. Has a 40% chance to fail and kill the mob.
Ender Furnace: A lot faster with fuel, can work without fuel but 10x slower than regular furnace
* Ender Lasso: Will teleport any living entities it is right clicked on, to the pre-bound location
Ender Link: A block/machine that can remotely access another, linked block's inventory
* Ender Pearl (re-usable): Can be picked back up, deals 1 heart of fall damage
    - BUG: Duplicates when thrown into portals, because it both gets teleported and drops a new item.
      Apparently this.setDead(); gets overridden in the travelToDimension() call,
      because it happens on the same tick?
Ender Porter: (One-time-use?) item that can teleport the player to a pre-bound location.
Ender Probe: Can search and view inventories by pointing at them
Ender Quardian: Scans for endermen carrying blocks in a fixed radius, steals that block and sets
Ender Sender: Can be linked to any(?) inventory, has a filter setting, will auto-send any
Ender Sider: Similar to Ender Link, but accesses the block's sides, not the inventory
Ender Staff: Allows short distance teleportation (like levitation/flying when holding down)
Ender Swapper: Swaps two pre-set blocks or entities with eachother
Ender Tranceiver: Wirelessly transmits the redstone signal it receives to another, paired device
Ender Vacuum: A throwable that sucks/teleports all item entities in a radius into the impact point

Balancing point: Crafting ingredient purchased from villagers?

TODO:
 - Add sound effects on teleport also to the destination point

BUGS:
 - Crash when shooting a player with the Ender Bow & Arrows (EntityPlayerMP can't be cast to EntityLiving)
 - Ender Lasso can't be sneak + right clicked on blocks that have an action (like inventories)

 (SMP testing server chunk corruption, might just be a vanilla error, happened after the server crashed:)
   [22:44:38] [Server thread/ERROR]: Chunk file at 3,-26 is in the wrong location; relocating. (Expected 3, -26, got 4, -22)
